cmd/atlas/internal: support file-level nolint directives (#1430)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/versioned/lint.mdx

ALTER TABLE `t1` DROP COLUMN `c1`, ADD COLUMN `d1` varchar(255) NOT NULL;
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="file-level">

> The `--atlas:nolint` directive can be used at the file level to exclude the file from analysis, or to exclude specific

Reviewer: It think "file level" is not clear enough at first side. What about sth like 

```suggestion
The `--atlas:nolint` directive can be used to exclude the whole file (given at top) from analysis, or to exclude specific
```
Something like the above?
